README for version 3.0 of Vim: Vi IMproved.

Vim is an almost compatible version of the UNIX editor vi. Only the 'Q'
command is missing (you don't need it). Many new features have been added:
multi level undo, command line history, filename completion, block operations,
etc. See difference.doc.

This editor is very useful for editing programs and other plain ASCII files. 
All commands are given with normal keyboard characters, so those who can type 
with ten fingers can work very fast. Additionally function keys can be defined
by the user.

Vim currently runs under Amiga DOS, MSDOS, Windows NT and many UNIX versions.
There are some things included for the Archimedes, but it does not work yet.
Porting to other systems should not be very difficult. 

Documentation:
	  tutor/readme - one hour training course for beginners
	 reference.doc - complete reference of all Vim commands
	difference.doc - summarizes the differences with UNIX vi
	   windows.doc - reference for the multi windows and buffer commands
		 index - alfabetical list of commands
	     amiga.doc - remarks for Amiga
	      unix.doc - remarks for unix
	     msdos.doc - remarks for MSDOS
	     winnt.doc - remarks for Windows NT
            archie.doc - remarks for Archimedes

Vim is Charityware. You can copy it as much as you like. Please read
uganda.txt for details.


Compiling:
	cd src
	cp makefile.<system> makefile
	make

When using makefile.unix you MUST uncomment three lines for your system!

The makefile offers some compilation options. If you do not use digraphs, you
can save some memory by recompiling without the DIGRAPHS option. The Amiga
and MS-DOS versions are compiled for a limited number of supported terminals.
If you want to use Vim with other terminals you can recompile with the
TERMCAP option. See the makefiles for further options.

Please send comments, bug reports and suggestions to:

stable address:	Bram Moolenaar		UUCP E-mail:	mool@oce.nl
		molenstraat 2
		2162 HP  Lisse		Fax: +31 2521 16381
		The Netherlands		Tel: +31 2521 13037

September 1994 - August 1995:
Kibaale Children's Centre			Tel: +256 481 21033
p.o. box 1658, Masaka, Uganda, East Africa   	Fax: +256 481 20514
